According
to legend, long ago
there was a Monkey
King named, Sun Wukong.
Although he had great powers,
he was also a
great troublemaker.
And when he broke the
law of the heavens,
the Jade Emperor
would have no more.
- Insolent monkey, you
have broken my laws
and shall taste my wrath.
- Tastes pretty sweet to me.
- What're you waiting for?
Capture him.
- I'm going to make
you dream of this.
Too slow.
- Use the magical lute.
- Huh?
Release the arrows.
The bigger they
are, the harder they fall.
I'm no ordinary monkey.
And that's Great Sage to you.
The Monkey King
defeated the heavenly army.
And wanted to become a god,
known as the Great Sage.
But Buddha did not like his
defiance against the heavens
and denied him entry.
Ever since that fateful day
Sun Wukong has been imprisoned
under the Mountain
of Five Elements.
He has been there for 500 years.
That's right, the great
sage will keep you safe.
There, there, you can have it.
And one day, he may return.
Here, let me.
He's fine.
- It was just a little scare.
Everyone, the
trolls are coming.
- Go back down the mountain.
- Huh?
What is that?
Oh.
It's a baby.
Come her child.
Thank you for this blessing.
Sun Wukong,
the Monkey King fights
the four heavenly kings.
Oh we'll pay for this, monkey.
Sun Wukong
can never die.
Do not, you're
ruining the show.
Fa Ming
where are you?
Get back.
Here I come Sun Wukong.
Away you.
Huh?
Sifu?
- Liuer?
What are you up to now?
- Begging
for alms.
Huh?
Thank you for this blessing.
- Liuer, I hope you grow
up to be a good monk.
Okay?
Then you won't have
to be like the rest
of the people in this world.
- I have a question.
As monks we spend our days
trying to find out way
to fill our bellies.
How is that different from
everyone else in this world?
- Of course it's different.
Begging for alms is
only the beginning
of becoming a great monk.
- Reciting sutra, meditation
and practicing zen.
Do not ask for much now,
you will find peace
in your heart.
Take a look at me,
am I not doing well?
- But the mountain
trolls keep attacking.
Reciting sutras won't
scare them away.
- So what would you
do instead child?
- I would
learn Kung fu and
beat the trolls.
Like this?
Ow.
- Jiang Liuer,
to save the world you
don't have to be a warrior.
By meditation, reciting
sutra and begging for alms,
we monks are saving the world
with each little good deed.
And don't forget how the
slow turtle won the race.
Everything is illusion.
Life is illusion
of your desires.
Don't be quick to fight,
instead you must.
- Recite my sutra
like a good monk.
- Wrong answer.
Not proper.
Another try.
- Yes, Sifu.
Ah but some day
he will be great monk.
- Mountain trolls are
coming, mountain trolls.
- Alright charge.
Release.
- Attack.
- Liuer?
Liuer?
Where are you son?
- One, two, four.
How many is that?
- This one's too old.
Throw it out.
- But then we lose
one more girl baby
- One girl baby coming up.
Guys, I got.
Run for your lives.
- Liuer what are
you doing up there?
Try to stay out of trouble.
- Come on Sifu run.
- Where am I?
- Hurry Sifu.
- Liuer, Liuer.
- Sifu.
Follow me.
Sifu.
Hurry, run.
- Did you get the girl?
That's not.
You fool.
- Liuer?
Can you hear me?
Where are you?
Run.
Wow.
Well
don't just stand there.
Get him.
Thanks kids.
I've got it from here.
I'm free.
You locked me up
for 500 long years,
that's not enough for you?
But don't you forget,
I'm the Great Sage.
- Huh?
The Great Sage?
- Who's that?
Come out.
You lookin' for a fight?
Maybe a babysitter?
- Are you really Sun Wukong?
The Great Sage?
- I don't know am I?
Really?
- What?
He really is the
great Monkey King.
No greatness here.
Just a monkey enjoying bananas.
- Wait, Great Sage?
Oh, so you mean
he went that way?
Thank you Mister Groundhog.
Great Sage,
I need your help getting home.
So will you help me
find my way home?
- I'm not too good at
hide and seek I guess.
- Wait.
That's okay.
I can just hang out with you
until I find my way back.
This is gonna be great.
Huh?
- If we're gonna
travel together,
you better keep up.
- Great Sage?
Did you use your
powers to do that?
- What?
How'd you?
What?
- 'Cause you know,
I thought maybe you could
teach me some magic skills.
- Listen short stuff,
those things aren't
that easy to teach.
- Okay then,
what about an easy trick?
This'll be great.
My new teacher,
Sun Wukong.
The king of the monkeys
who can't be beat.
You're also immortal
so you can protest us.
But the coolest
thing you can do,
is leap over clouds.
Huh?
You can make clone
from your hair.
- Hey, ouch.
- By blowing.
- Watch it.
- Hmm?
How come nothing happened?
I almost forgot,
there's one more thing.
Do you have your power pole?
And is it true you
can shrink it so small
to the size of a toothpick?
Well, is it true Great Sage?
Oh, I remember,
you hide it your ear.
Let me see it, is it in there?
Oh, oh I'd love to hold it it.
- You need to zip it.
You won't stop talking will you?
I can't think 'cause my
head's about to explode.
Please be quiet, okay?
- Okay.
But it is.
- Not one more question, okay?
Not a single one.
- Okay.
So when can I start
asking questions again?
Whoa.
So cool.
Hey, how'd you do that?
Does your hand hurt?
Could you teach
me how to do that?
Tell me about your
greatest battle.
- Well, there was this one
kid who never left me alone.
- He sounds terrible.
- Oh he was.
He never stopped talking.
- How'd you get all your powers?
- I ate a bunch
of magic bananas.
Huh?
- The ruthless Sun Wukong.
I, the Mountain Lord
was created to ensure
you would not escape.
- You?
You're literally
as dumb as a box of rocks.
Come on, this doesn't
have to get ugly.
You're doing that all yourself.
- There'll be no chains
but that doesn't mean
he wants to abound,
now, you're just an
ordinary, stinkin' monkey.
I can't wait to crush you.
How dare you your come.
- Hey pebbles,
this'll hurt.
Oh.
The spell that
brought him to life.
This day is not getting better.
- Stay right here.
- Whoa too hard,
what's the big idea?
- The spell.
Look.
I
suppose you could say
that the Mountain Lord
has hit rock bottom.
Luckily for you, I
still haven't unleashed
the Dragon Guardian.
- Your highness,
it's not our fault,
he's no ordinary monkey,
he's Sun Wukong.
- Since I'm so generous,
I'll give you one last chance.
But this time,
no monkeying around.
- Ah, Great Sage?
You're here too.
I thought I lost you.
Ah.
Wait, how did you get here?
the last thing I remember
was the Mountain Lord.
I just fell out of the blue.
I think I landed in the water.
- Okay.
I know.
Isn't that great?
He really does have powers.
Great Sage?
I wanted to say,
thank you for saving us.
- Here.
- No, no, no I can't eat that.
I'm a vegetarian.
- You are?
- Yeah, you see,
granddad's a monk
so we don't eat meat.
His name is Fa Ming and
my name is Jiang Liuer.
- Just eat it.
- Yuck.
- If you're a monk then
how'd you end up here?
- It's 'cause of
those horrible trolls.
They kidnapped children,
so we ran away from them.
But they kept chasing us,
we kept running and
somehow we ended up here.
And now we're lost.
Wait.
What's the big deal?
We don't need to
be afraid anymore
'cause you're here
to protect us.
- And, who's gonna
protect me from you kid?
Once we got off this mountain,
we'll go our
separate ways, okay?
- Well then how
will you teach me?
Careful, you'll slip and fall.
Great Sage?
- No, I'm safer up here.
- So you like sushi, eh?
Great Sage, I found a temple.
- Then go live there.
Please.
- Wow.
Huh.
Great Sage.
- Huh?
Whoa.
- Hey look,
the Buddha statue came to life.
- Huh?
I bless you.
- Whoa.
- Buddha's taking this
fish as an offering.
Stay back, the fish
is Buddha's now.
Hmm?
- Whoa.
Oh, you were the
Buddha a second ago.
You better not try
anything, you monster.
That's the Great
Sage, Sun Wukong.
- Great Sage?
Good one.
No offence but
that chimp doesn't
look like he's
great at anything.
What about the Great Play?
Huh?
I mean it's a good
impression of Sun Wukong.
Hold this for me.
You go find some salt, okay?
I'll prove that this Great Sage
is nothing but a Great Fake.
Let me lay some Pork
fu on you, fudgy.
Watch this,
I'll make it spicy.
It is him.
- Ow.
- You stinking flea bag.
You're the reason I
came crashing down
here in the first place.
Stuck in this,
this body.
500 years with this
pig snout on my face.
- Yeah, real handy
to hang on to, right?
- Huh?
Are you runnin' away?
It's 'cause you're
scared, you're.
- He can't hear you.
- And don't you come back.
You just got lucky.
- Oh wow.
You're really scared of him.
- No I'm not.
I'm giving him a head
start just to be fair.
You know.
- He's so far gone,
I doubt you could
even find him now.
- What?
No way.
I'll have you know, I've
led armies of thousands.
I can transform in
anything I want.
And with this nose,
I can track that stinky
monkey for miles.
He can't get away
from me, no way.
Watch and learn.
I'll turn myself into a panther
and hunt down that hairball.
Whoa.
Meow.
- Huh, really?
- I'm a panther.
- It's actually
better than the pig.
Alright, let's go.
Follow that monkey.
- This way.
- Huh?
- Yeah.
- Hold on.
You're running in
the wrong direction.
- I feel something.
Oh.
I gotta go.
- Ew.
Hey, Great Sage.
He's over on the other side.
You found him, he's right there.
Master Sun Wukong.
Wait for us.
- Let go I'm a delicate panther.
- We almost lost you out there.
Your friend the panther,
wants to challenge you.
Huh?
That's weird he was just here.
It seemed like he knew you.
Is he a friend of yours?
Great Sage, is he
really a Buddha?
Or is he just pretending?
'Cause he seems like a.
Wait, let me guess,
a pig?
- Yeah.
- Believe me, a pig
is an improvement.
I gotta admit,
it's pretty cool how
he can transform.
He can't do
it for very long.
Only as long as a breath
and then boom, back to pig.
- There you are.
Where you behind
us this whole time?
I thought you ran away.
- Come back to get thrown
by your nose again?
Huh?
- Huh?
- Great, two of them.
- This is so neat.
It's another me.
His belly's bigger.
That was so cool, do it again.
You guys, look.
- Get away from there.
Stay back.
Nobody move.
Stop.
I said don't move.
- You did it.
Whoa.
You really scared him away.
- You realize that
was a White Dragon?
See one of those and it's the
last thing you'll ever see.
- Why you suddenly
care about us?
- It's your fault.
I'll show you you
meddling swine,
dragons love pig.
- Don't do this.
Help me kid.
- Please stop it.
Let him go.
- Let him go?
- It was my fault,
I didn't listen.
- Wonder if pigs can fly.
- Don't.
- He'll just turn into
a bird or something.
- But what if he doesn't?
If you let me go,
I'll help you with the dragon.
- The dragon, look, he's flying.
- Wait.
You don't
wanna take on a dragon
while holding on
to a pig, right?
- Wow.
Dragons can really fly.
- Yeah, that's pure freedom.
Soaring through the
clouds like that.
- Look at that, it's
the coolest thing ever.
- What's the big deal?
I used to fly back in the day.
- You know, if I was able to fly
I'll go over that mountain,
and take this little
one back home.
And find my Sifu.
- Someday, if you're
brave and strong enough
you can.
Then you can go as
far as you want.
- Huh?
Are you serious?
Is that really possible?
- Maybe,
if you don't annoy me.
- Wait so does that
mean you flew before?
Have you ridden with a dragon?
Like a teammate?
Can you teach me?
One question at a time.
Just one last one.
Are there many
dragons in this world?
Wherever there's
water, there're dragons.
* As a man that's
lost in the sea
* Wondering about his destiny
* Like a baby bird
outside his nest
* Dreams about what comes next
* As a pebble that's
thown into a stream
* Sinking sand
all there is to be
* Awaiting rescue from up above
* To list lift me
up with your love
* You're running like thunder
* Sparkling like fire
* With distance
across the starry sky
* Flashing rays of hope
* With the brave
heart you've given me
* We're soaring like eagles
* We're shining like rainbows
* We're riding like the panther
* Jumping like the whale
* Leaping like a lion
* With the brave heart
you've given me *
Look, there's
a building over there.
- Huh?
I wonder if they'll
have a kitchen.
Some noodles.
Woo hoo.
Hey Sage, what're
you waiting for?
Come on, don't let
piggy beat you.
- Don't say a word.
Hmm.
Hello.
- Oh, I do need to visit
the little pig's room.
- It's awfully quiet.
Is anyone home?
It looks like an inn.
Why isn't anyone here?
- I'm right.
- Oh, oh, ooh.
Are those carrots?
- What was that?
Hello, we'd like to
stay here at your inn.
There are three of us and
our baby, is that okay?
- I can't talk.
- But you just did.
You said.
- Oh you're just too cute.
It was a joke.
That being said,
he's not that smart.
If I may ask,
where are you and
your friends headed?
- We're headed to the Capital.
- What a cute little baby girl.
Hurry up and get tea.
Now, I'm afraid that I
have some bad news for you.
They've closed the
roads to the Capital
so there's no way
you can get there.
- They're not carrots.
- It's a monster, it's a
monster, it's a monster.
Act scared.
- Oh, it's a monster.
- It's okay, don't be
afraid, they're not monsters.
- But they're not people.
- That doesn't
make them monsters.
- I'm pretty sure the
monkey's a monster.
- Quiet, pork rind.
- They'll stay out of your way.
We're only staying one night
and we'll be leaving first
thing in the morning.
- You promise?
- Uh huh.
- Alright then,
follow me please.
- Thank you.
- Tea?
- Hot tea.
- That's okay.
- Hey you, quit
making me look stupid.
- Now, if you need
anything at all
don't hesitate to ask, okay?
- Huh?
Sure.
- Oh?
I'll leave you alone now.
If you need me I'll be
right outside your door.
Why are you standing there?
Get to work.
- What's wrong with her?
Why is she crying?
- Go chee go, don't cry.
- I've got this.
Bul ya ya, oh.
- Oh yeah, look I have my
very own Great Sage too.
Would you like it?
With him to protect you,
you won't need to be
afraid of anything.
- Time for bed.
- What a moron.
- It's really quiet here.
I got used to the
sounds in the forest.
And so, it's a
little to sleep now.
- Works better for me.
You snore anyway kid.
- That's true.
Hey Great Sage,
you know when I find my Sifu
and we get the little
one back to her home,
where will you go?
- Huaguo Hill.
- Huaguo Hill?
I know that place.
It's in all those stories.
And the story says, it's
green and beautiful,
full of trees and
flowers and fruit.
It's,
it's a magical place.
And they also say
that peaches there are
this large.
- You believe
everything people say?
Actually,
the peaches are as
big as your head.
- Huh?
Even bigger than this?
Then is it far?
How do you get there?
- It's thousands of miles away.
- It'd take forever.
But for a great warrior
like you it's not that far.
- Yeah.
I could do it in
one leap, then I.
At least I used to.
- Great Sage, you don't
need to worry, you'll see.
You'll make it home.
As long as you
always do your best.
If it helps you,
I'll pray that you get all
your magic powers back.
- Thanks a lot kid but
I doubt that'd help.
You have no idea what
you're talking about.
I haven't always been good
so now I'm being grounded and.
Just as well.
- What're you doing in here?
What is wrong with you?
Oh, you were trying to steal
food again, weren't you?
No food untill we
finish the job.
Hurry up, don't make
me go back in there.
This is no time to
be fooling around.
Let's go.
You know.
There's something
I find strange.
Why was it necessary
to transform us?
It takes energy
to look like this.
I find it annoying.
I don't like this look.
Well answer me.
If it were up to me,
I'd go up there right now
and smash their puny heads.
Hey, where do you
think you're going?
You can not go up
there right now.
This is really
for your own good.
Listen, if you ruin this for me.
Wait.
You have to focus or the Evil
Lord will have our hides.
Hey, what is wrong with you?
It was you.
You'll pay for this.
- Hai ya.
Well, I had a feeling the
service here would be terrible.
Get back.
Let me wipe that
smile off your face.
Just get in line.
Then you'll all get a turn.
Smile lady.
I think we need to do
some remodeling in here.
Open up the walls,
let in some light.
- You're not planning
on leaving now, are you?
- Thought I'd swing by.
- Whoa.
- Save the kids.
- Hey you hit my bacon.
- Run.
Don't wait on me.
- But Great Sage.
- Hey you two.
We gotta go.
Great Sage,
we're over here, hurry.
- Looks like we're
going sailing.
All aboard.
Let's go.
Hurry.
Hot, hot.
- Here.
You okay?
Great Sage, look.
Leave her alone.
- I hope your Great
Sage is a great swimmer.
But I hear monkeys
don't like water.
- Huh?
- Hasn't anyone told you
it's not nice to bite?
Sun Wukong, you're
laying down on the job.
- Great Sage, we have
to save the little one.
Come on.
- She's not my problem.
- No you don't mean that.
- Neither are you.
I just need to go my own way.
You can take care
of her yourself.
- No we can't, you know.
- You want to be the hero?
- Uh uh.
- Go ahead then, I didn't ask
to be saddled with any of you.
- But, you are the
protector, the legends say.
Fine I'll go by myself.
- What?
No wait, don't go.
Sun Wukong look, go after him.
Hello?
We better hurry.
Or we'll miss the
sacrifice of the children.
That cursed monkey.
- Ow.
Great Sage?
We have to save the little one.
- I didn't ask for this.
I don't want this.
These people are
nothing but trouble.
Great Sage?
Look, I have my favorite
little Great Sage too.
You like it?
Him as your protector,
you won't need to be
afraid of anything.
- Monkey?
Monkey?
Hello?
Now's no time for a swim.
Is this how the
Great Sage would act?
No.
I know, I know you're upset.
Those kids need you.
- My new teacher, Sun Wukong.
The king of the monkeys,
who can't be beat.
You're also immortal.
So you can protect us.
But the coolest thing you can do
is leap over clouds.
- Hey piggy.
- Huh?
- We've got kids to save.
- Today before the eclipse,
we will finally taste
the fruits of our labor.
Rejoice.
We seek immortality.
By harnessing the
power of the pure souls
of 100 children,
my quest for eternal
life, will ironically
come to an end.
I will be
unstoppable.
- You're such a fool.
You lost him, useless.
He's mine.
Think you're a tough guy huh?
You'll have to do
better than that.
- Liuer, are you alright?
- Sifu, why are you here?
- I only had to search heaven
and earth just to find you.
If we ever get out of here,
you have to promise to be
a good boy from now on.
- Don't worry, I promise
I'll cook and clean for you.
- You can't lie
to a monk you now,
it's bad for your karma.
I knew you were lying.
That's why you should
never lie, Jiang.
- Sifu look.
- We found all the children.
- Why are you just
standing around?
Behind you.
- Sifu.
You're okay.
- It's the moon, we better get.
- Enough.
Why are you always
getting in my way?
- Let him go.
- How dare you you
ruin this for me.
- How dare you
steal little kids.
- Where is Sun Wukong?
Where?
- Great Sage.
He came to rescue us.
- I can't believe it,
it's the Monkey King.
- You're just a stinking monkey.
- Listen up, I'm
the Monkey King.
I'm here for what's mine.
- Me too.
I'm the Pagoda King.
And I, you're all
gonna get raked.
This little piggy
went to battle.
No wait, he's
too powerful for you.
- You're no threat to me.
- I'm not letting
you near those kids.
- Great Sage.
- Sun Wukong, the legends
say you are immortal.
Time to put that to the test.
Wait a second.
- Huh?
- The legends say
a lot of things.
Let's test them
all.
- Yeah.
Where'd he go?
- Let me go.
- Great Sage?
- No sweat kid.
All in a day's work.
Just need to catch my breath.
You did great.
- Yeah.
- Liuer, I think you lost this.
Oh no.
I got a bad feeling.
- Oh, oh.
Run son, run.
Don't look son, just run.
- Look after her, I"m
gonna go help him.
- Liuer.
Be careful.
- Yes.
Great Sage.
What can I do to help you?
- What're you doing here?
I'm trying to protect you.
Get out of her.
- But.
- Go.
- But, then who's
gonna protect you?
- No one ever has
but I'll be alright,
so you don't need to worry.
- I won't.
Great Sage.
- What're you doing?
I told you to go.
What're you gonna do?
Break his teeth?
- Take that.
- Run Liuer.
- You're just a big worm,
I'm not afraid of you.
Come get me.
- Hang on Liuer.
I'm coming.
I told you I didn't
need your help.
Why don't you ever listen to me?
- Great Sage.
- You're okay, you're okay.
I can save you, I
can save you, I can.
- Great Sage.
Great Sage.